DOCSP-47282: RawBSONDocument information (#176)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/data-formats/bson.txt

      
      {"address": {"street": "Pizza St", "zipcode": "10003"}, "coord": [-73.982419, 41.579505], "cuisine": "Pizza", "name": "Mongo's Pizza"}

Work with Raw BSON Data
-----------------------

You might prefer to use raw BSON documents in certain cases, such as when you move a
document between databases or collections, when you must write binary blobs to a
disk, or when you want to bypass the performance overhead of converting to and from

> {+language+} dictionaries. You can use the ``RawBSONDocument`` class to represent raw BSON

Reviewer: S: consider converting this to a list.
eg.
```
{+driver-short+} supports usage of raw BSON documents. The following list contains some situations
that might require using raw BSON documents:

- ...
```

> documents. To use ``RawBSONDocument`` objects with your collection, set the
> ``document_class`` parameter of the ``MongoClient`` constructor to ``RawBSONDocument``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documents. To use ``RawBSONDocument`` objects to represent documents in your collection, set the
``document_class`` parameter of the ``MongoClient`` constructor to ``RawBSONDocument``.
```

> The following example fetches the sample BSON document from a collection and converts it
> to a ``RawBSONDocument``:

Reviewer: S: dont think fetch is part of our normal vocab for find operations
```suggestion
The following example retrieves a sample BSON document from a collection and converts it
to a ``RawBSONDocument``:
```

Author: Will leave this as "the sample BSON document" since there's a specific sample BSON document that this page is using.

> to a ``RawBSONDocument``:

Reviewer: I: this example doesn't seem to be "converting" anything. It seems to be retrieving a document **as** a raw BSON document as this is the document class specified when creating the client
S: fix this description to match the code example

      
      {"address": {"street": "Pizza St", "zipcode": "10003"}, "coord": [-73.982419, 41.579505], "cuisine": "Pizza", "name": "Mongo's Pizza"}

Work with Raw BSON Data
-----------------------

{+driver-short+} supports the usage of raw BSON documents. The following list contains
some situations that might require using raw BSON documents:

- Moving a document between databases or collections

> - Writing binary blobs to a disk

Reviewer: S: is "blob" a technical term that Python users understand?

Author: Will change to a better term

- Bypassing the performance overhead of converting to and from {+language+} dictionaries

> You can use the ``RawBSONDocument`` class to represent raw BSON documents. To use

Reviewer: S: use more accurate wording from the API doc
```suggestion
The ``RawBSONDocument`` class is a representation of a BSON document that provides
access to the underlying raw BSON bytes. To use
```

``RawBSONDocument`` objects to represent documents in your collection, set the
``document_class`` parameter of the ``MongoClient`` constructor to ``RawBSONDocument``.

> The following example configures a ``MongoClient`` object to use ``RawBSONDocument``,
> then retrieves the sample document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example configures a ``MongoClient`` object to use ``RawBSONDocument`` objects
to model the collection, then retrieves a document:
```

.. code-block:: python
      
      from bson.raw_bson import RawBSONDocument

      client = pymongo.MongoClient("<connection URI>", document_class=RawBSONDocument)
      collection = client["<database name>"]["<collection name>"]

>       raw_doc = collection.find_one({"name": "Mongo's Pizza"})

Reviewer: Two things:

S: replace the placeholders for database and collection with real values. It looks like this page uses sample data from `sample_restaurants.restaurants`. You can add this to the page overview if it's not present.

S: include a line to print the type of `raw_doc` this could be helpful to make the example more meaningful.

some situations that might require using raw BSON documents:

- Moving a document between databases or collections
- Writing binary data to a disk
- Bypassing the performance overhead of converting to and from {+language+} dictionaries

The ``RawBSONDocument`` class is a representation of a BSON document that provides
access to the underlying raw BSON bytes. To use ``RawBSONDocument`` objects to represent
documents in your collection, set the ``document_class`` parameter of the ``MongoClient``
constructor to ``RawBSONDocument``.

The following example configures a ``MongoClient`` object to use ``RawBSONDocument`` objects
to model the collection, then retrieves the sample document from the preceding examples:

.. io-code-block::
   :copyable: true

   .. input::
      :language: python
      
      from bson.raw_bson import RawBSONDocument

      client = pymongo.MongoClient("<connection URI>", document_class=RawBSONDocument)
      collection = client.sample_restaurants.restaurants
      raw_doc = collection.find_one({"name": "Mongo's Pizza"})
      print(type(raw_doc))

   .. output::
      :visible: false

      <class 'bson.raw_bson.RawBSONDocument'>

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: Placing a detail so important as a note after the example feels slightly confusing to me: I'd expect documentation to tell me immediately if a certain data representation was read-only or not.

Author: I can move this up.
